Model Registry docs (#2021)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/model-registry.rst

.. _registry:

=====================
MLflow Model Registry
=====================

The MLflow Model Registry component is a centralized model store, set of APIs, and UI, to
collaboratively manage the full lifecycle of an MLflow Model. It provides model lineage (which
MLflow experiment and eun produced the model), model versioning, stage transitions (for example from
staging to production), and annotations.

.. contents:: Table of Contents
  :local:
  :depth: 1

Concepts
========

The MLflow Model Registry is a standalone component that introduces several concepts that
describe the full lifecycle of an MLflow Model.

Model
    An MLflow Model logged with one of the model flavor’s ``log_model`` methods.

Registered Model
    An MLflow Model registered with the MLflow Model Registry. A registered model has a unique name, contains versions, and other metadata.

Model Version

>     Each registered model can have one or many versions. When a new model is added to the Model Registry, it is added as version 1. Each new model registered to the same model name will increment the version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each registered model can have one or many versions. When a new model is added to the Model Registry, it is added as version 1. Each new model registered to the same model name increments the version number.
```
